Babel
  When we use modern features of the language, some engines may fail to support such code. Just as said, not all features are implemented everywhere. Here Babel comes to the rescue. Babel is a transpiler. It rewrites modern JavaScript code into the previous standard.

  Actually, there are two parts in Babel:

  First, the transpiler program, which rewrites the code. The developer runs it on their own computer. It rewrites the code into the older standard. And then the code is delivered to the website for users. Modern project build systems like webpack provide means to run transpiler automatically on every code change, so that it’s very easy to integrate into development process.

  Second, the polyfill. New language features may include new built-in functions and syntax constructs. The transpiler rewrites the code, transforming syntax constructs into older ones. But as for new built-in functions, we need to implement them. JavaScript is a highly dynamic language, scripts may add/modify any functions, so that they behave according to the modern standard. A script that updates/adds new functions is called “polyfill”. It “fills in” the gap and adds missing implementations.

  Two interesting polyfills are:
    core js that supports a lot, allows to include only needed features.
    polyfill.io service that provides a script with polyfills, depending on the features and user’s browser.
    
  So, if we’re going to use modern language features, a transpiler and a polyfill are necessary.

Behaviour Driven Development(BDD)
  BDD is three things in one - tests, documentation and examples.
  Before writing code, we can imagine what function should do and describe it.

Chai
  The library with many assertions. It allows to use a lot of different assertions.

Headless Chrome
  Headless Chrome is a way to run the Chrome Browser without actually running Chrome.
  A headless browser is a great tool for automated testing and server environments where you don't need a visible UI shell. For example, you may want to run some tests against a real web page, create a PDF of it, or just inspect how the browser renders an URL.

Linters
  JSLint – one of the first linters.
  JSHint – more settings than JSLint.
  ESLint – probably the newest one.

Mocha
  The core framework: it provides common testing functions including describe and it and the main function that runs tests.

Media Query
  Media query is a CSS technique introduced in CSS3. It uses the @media rule to include a block of CSS properties only if a certain condition is true. Media queries in CSS3 extended the CSS2 media types idea: Instead of looking for a type of device, they look at the capability of the device. Using media queries are a popular technique for delivering a tailored style sheet to desktops, laptops, tablets, and mobile phones (such as iPhone and Android phones).

Polyfills
  A script that updates/adds new functions is called “polyfill”. It “fills in” the gap and adds missing implementations.
  More details on usage of polyfills refer section Babel

Puppeteer is a Node library API that allows us to control headless Chrome.

Sinon
  A library to spy over functions, emulate built-in functions and more, we’ll need it much later.

Style guides
  Google JavaScript Style Guide
  Airbnb JavaScript Style Guide
  Idiomatic.JS
  StandardJS

Transpiler
  refer section Babel

Webpack
  refer section Babel
